## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-aZt7VNjEA1w4GeGPtZOPocoO/e6oIc9bMjNlN0GMXRkOoTMaEM2FCq4B6GkHANht /es/languages/diff.js
sha384-3J9ZKxCAysZ+DowS+TRZQFLDNVJwRq0pxq9t/JYsuFRmBSwgvJrbRDH4Av46yJft /es/languages/diff.min.js
sha384-ZCfS+s/zxY7O2bm2KoVJo1wUrLEpJDHZAi/LJAdJF5XjnfSWICkg6wHd2SEJGpyR /es/languages/java.js
sha384-716dHwZ7zbZcnEwTe7DLxlm5tH3Iyl8vSW5a2kYPgusEdp5k3A3jeZt0Ck+CjYE0 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-prYrGnTm7oh5PuKMqLmR+7SrkN+R30qFCvQLyWRjl7bJqveap4Mb3RDeCe84KHSC /es/languages/kotlin.js
sha384-yM8aIXHTDq77S7Ar7r/O8Ix2yH07cPC1z48Qh6HBzcG2+plE8YMQn9goknWvawaH /es/languages/kotlin.min.js
sha384-BlC0mPZAwpk9QZaocgajHbYH8yYkOUZrDKpeaPBeCGrQfQ6eTZXyInS411HpGnO0 /es/languages/less.js
sha384-vmEaRQjBedDEQk0PmHXdDeC6kbUsP+AhxtGkI2jQ/VdSRZ9ndnDOBUuxp+cZ7pQV /es/languages/less.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-Blm/RpTi15HpdenfAja/zwDDJ6bBmIoAsFgHcNpw4u+DqKFZEpB67DIa2A1NXtZf /es/languages/ruby.js
sha384-INdPgGNAH51T3uWXoaYVa0ag70hxlbvjTlhyLicF3SuuG0BVuycs/GrFGi7gt/8a /es/languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-kcAcxYNWYVMr2nwgsILhFHZH+OkRjbK6xazY53sIcW9bta3onTtDBKug0swjsiMC /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-mlx1v98SAsuX2QnqD9+dsXOfilvT7QQjfyOD3HTrvA4TXsxV4yjW/+TqhUADUuOH /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-BcyijKQAe0oJGoEBf0y/+dTJjKiy4bIAVdjreJw+MiOkPgCEjM/2FY2+W7K6tcEZ /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-Mfjt0R07QBpLXhGWeCetLw7s2mTQSoXmcyYnfsSNq4V4YG3FwayBjxod9MxjSB1x /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-40MP6/ECSjYaTAIf+/ibE2FPeFPQ53WbASndXxMOcXiQtgLbGXUStZVuPSngp7OD /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-vXmhozexi2dHQBoniIEbWI5ZqDxyVfUs96BUGpqjWL1aberSp9pyxbvK8WCNASGB /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-ptbaKMqucgUUAhyaQfodHtSDpTA0AAoyGZZqos59ECIdi1qKRnUZcLOxMkZaxkul /languages/diff.js
sha384-IZ99gU0P2i3O8itOlz4exVdl6lGFAgj7zq4hgyoe29bt1KyJykBSCxdH8ubn3DSk /languages/diff.min.js
sha384-cZ2d3Mo/jmTF9r2kHWcHmA8hehxX8N44UN6LSkEhaCRe6t8e9ntd5JEuafywm0aw /languages/java.js
sha384-8mc5ynnm3AlnXn8P3ccSqVAaZIDoijPM08/Hp4DABy6GMy7EHCQFwiIUoGAaGJiO /languages/java.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-Ve7wqoYcjaWimhzLnfK0sj2Lij8DmxK2diJ9kazkpifUrd7O+b2CbnHSxD3SCzqj /languages/kotlin.js
sha384-s0inyAR7LE5SVvn9VCZrQaiUxkDi+RsQdSKzFh2CjWf+LFd01DAjt9wtxGhT+4qT /languages/kotlin.min.js
sha384-zlcx7qQtpp4cqCCPEDhWKvb3lEbhomD5HTubdLR78S/3AQBJGkHiT6LGziV0f4yH /languages/less.js
sha384-NZS9QHMmwN86GbNpIvGs4HOB2EzfqPjhIHqZviwZIw1HLumSMRnl4X/OIgpyP0+K /languages/less.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-nHCt5/kJd7LUp6BbVLNuUH0zziFVRS2Qqj9whqRpVpgzybI61OZlKQRPv4evHrJO /languages/ruby.js
sha384-LOFdRHZ5u+oZg5Wh8DpkiJQR/w8egcUhJJoo95XVQ846DEwuRxGUujx+tQKyqXme /languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-1MNX8RDXroN7D+Jeq9f6EysUNAuhuQMq32wKcGB5yEDEJalUxEoSjfRVJhF0+YV6 /languages/scss.js
sha384-7CdPzO1jMDolQK+LCRlGiW1Oka6fSiQdIiqfTvHeBk2Hm2iYNoqMn60aJ9HdKkjb /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-4q0Mj1AHSvVdgi6nXDGdkiHZQcme/PcCE+MvwCvnAIZSjhJfk3UpjJU2nn2eImWz /languages/typescript.js
sha384-rfwxAwuWzb2XdSU7HN3IhrSyCq96Nj4p1ZYPCNAGbqtnPsaWl8d5eSypxPbW6alT /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-3KIoWvJ5JGRH35WAkzreEebY8sug+ZWeaOPS2r1KIfznEU9TtPFpxX6sIgtaiA9G /languages/yaml.js
sha384-bMkvdnz+wPu1ro0fqO3BaDWztc7RzSvw05MQFP6bhJKDcwpkrFYTfTFI9ndkP11l /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-Cx4Gc31E7aOXVZHVr0fKqorTMdgrYy4pzRhVMD5Ct2MDJNEkDBF/9U33LMLkqm5G /highlight.js
sha384-yd5AJU3WhNyq45SJwVaNqjrjKtVwYrt0b11n1/KppxyEcmFESjAYNLTLbNNVywJn /highlight.min.js
```

